Update performance-metrics.mdx (missing info about method deprecation) (#9015)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/performance/instrumentation/performance-metrics.mdx

</Note>

<Note>

> You should not rely on the transaction (`getTransaction` is marked as deprecated), but just use `startSpan()` [APIs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/solid/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/#start-span) instead.

Reviewer: Can you update the example used in line 29 to remove `getTransaction`? It'd be annoying for me if I used that example and then saw this...

Author: yes sure... but I am not confident how to properly use the `startSpan` in those particular examples...

> You should not rely on the transaction (`getTransaction` is marked as deprecated), but just use `startSpan()` [APIs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/solid/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/#start-span) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `getTransaction` has been deprecated. For SDK versions <insert_version> and up, use the `startSpan()` [APIs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/solid/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/#start-span) instead.
```
